Ross Ross gonna bump a little ball fake
get the law
the visually
with a quick reverse slam
most rania 16
hi i am sam from metric sports investing
and i wanted to bring you this quick
video to give you an example of what
sort of money can be made in the NBA
season 2012 2013 so in the particular
season we had 293 wins and eight losses
what that actually meant is that we had
a two hundred and three point seven
percent ROI in six months let's say you
had 50,000 and you're able to turn that
into 100,000 in less than a year doing
five minutes worth of work per day now
that five minutes of course has been our
member average more realistically it's
anywhere between 30 seconds and 10
minutes you know I'm sure you'd be
really really happy with the results
either way so you can imagine how happy
my members were with what we did here in
six months basically what that meant in
numbers is we turned a
ten-thousand-dollar bankroll into thirty
thousand three hundred seventy dollars
so obviously that's a two hundred twenty
thousand three hundred seventy dollar
profit so you might be wondering do you
have anyone else back in you and the
answer is yes absolutely now I followed
you since week one and already I learned
a few things I've made roughly four
hundred dollars from your selections so
far and rather excited and appreciate
the opportunity Thanks cheers mate from
cliff this is the most complete no
stress no worries straightforward
guarantee anywhere that is no profit no
pay which means that if you choose the
annual payment option and you don't
profit in that year as well as covering
your membership fee with us you will get
your money back if you choose a monthly
subscription and there is ever a period
where you don't actually earn a profit
in a few months we will pause your
account and still send you pics until
you are back in profit so you get pics
for free on us until you're back in
profit again but as you can see it is
straight forward no matter your
membership choice if you don't profit
you don't pay the other thing we provide
that is quite different as video
tutorials there is only one other sports
betting platform that I know of who
provide video tutorials and they only
started because they saw me doing it
these actually provided step-by-step
instructions of what to do when it comes
to betting our systems at the click of a
button in less than ten minutes you can
understand it to a tee if as if you
actually career
did the system yourself
right down here comes George got the
step at the foul